It's a clever plan,
but it doesn't seem
like your usual approach.
Which advisor gave you this idea?
Spill it.
It was
a female advisor.
A woman? Who?
Who?
You won't tell me?
So mysterious.
Don't tell me it's your sweetheart.
Nonsense.
Come on, just tell me
which family she's from.
I will pull out all the stops
to arrange a match for you.
Stop joking around.
My mother is still unwell.
Don't go spouting nonsense to her.
Still, if you ask me,
aren't you overthinking this case?
Hearing that your mother is ill,
His and Her majesties have sent
court physicians several times
to check on her.
They seem as concerned as ever.
And with Grand Secretary Wu
mediating in court,
I'd say His Majesty
will at most issue a mild reprimand.
Nothing serious will happen
to the Duke of Ding.
Let's hope not.
ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL BLOSSOM
BY AUTHOR ZIZI FROM QIDIAN CHINESE WEBSITE
Grand Secretary, Grand Secretary!
What I said before His Majesty
wasn't directed at you.
I had to answer
His Majesty's question impartially.
Impartially…
If it's for the sake
of stabilizing the court,
you did right.
But this matter concerns
major issues in the southeast.
It has nothing to do with
the Ministry of Rites, right?
It's the time of the Dragon Boat Festival.
Minister Dou, why don't you
take a few days off to rest at home?
Since you've said so,
I'll follow your instruction.
Grand Secretary Wu.
Is Minister Dou from the western
Dou family of the capital?
Yes.
After reading the officials'
impeachment memorials,
His Majesty inquired
about Mei Sun's health.
His Majesty was clearly
concerned about him.
But Dou Shi Shu claimed that
The Duke of Ding's detention
and return to the capital
could destabilize
the southeastern regions.
Isn't that just a veiled way
of accusing Mei Sun of
amassing troops and risking rebellion?
Does he have a grudge against my uncle?
Before his promotion
to the Ministry of Rites,
he was a cautious and low-profile official
who never overstepped.
Turns out, he was simply biding his time,
eyeing a seat in
the Grand Secretariat all along.
If my uncle is painted as a traitor,
then he, as the one
who speaks out against him,
would earn credit
for rooting out treachery.
Take good care of your mother.
When Mei Sun returns to the capital,
the Grand Secretariat
will figure out a solution.
Thank you, Grand Secretary Wu.
Have you ever tried
the Dou family's rice dumplings?
Rice dumplings?
You should try some.
Young Lady Zhao must've
tipped off her uncle then.
What a scheming woman!
Didn't you praise her for being sharp,
righteous, and loyal before?
I… I've never been good at judging people.
If she were really plotting against Uncle,
Jiying Guards would have
already stormed Tan Manor.
Yet everything there is peaceful,
the child is well cared for.
Plus, General Yan is keeping
an eye on her.
That makes it even stranger.
She has been living
in seclusion in the countryside.
How does she know so much
about court affairs?
There's another possibility.
It's not just Dou Shi Shu,
perhaps the entire Dou family is her pawn.
She can orchestrate moves from afar,
manipulating people.
The young lord could be using
her leverage against us.
If that's true,
it's hard to imagine
that someone as beautiful
as Young Lady Zhao
would be so cruelly calculating.
Uncle hasn't reached the capital.
And we've already clashed
with the Dou family twice.
There will undoubtedly be more to come.
We must uncover their true intentions.
Xing Yi has long
suffered from rheumatism,
so I sent him some mugwort oil for relief.
It wasn't anything valuable,
yet he still returned it.
We're in-laws
and colleagues in court,
but the way he avoids any connection,
it's as if we're complete strangers.
My father fears give
others cause to fault him,
lest it implicates our family.
Despite your busy official duties,
you still keep my father's health
in mind while you're home on break,
I must thank you for that.
No need for thanks.
We're family, after all.
While I'm home on leave,
there's actually something
I'd like to discuss with you and Shi Ying.
Have a seat.
Shou Gu is 23 this year,
and Ming is 16, aren't they?
Yes.
If there were a son in the family,
he'd be preparing
for the imperial exams now.
I've failed to provide
an heir for the Dou family
and have burdened you
with concerns for the family's future.
It's my fault.
You've been managing the entire household.
How could it be your fault?
If anyone's to blame, it's Shi Ying.
Even as an official,
his heart is still set on academia.
He has no grasp of court dynamics
or political affairs.
If our family wants to secure our footing,
we can't rely on just one family.
If Ming marries Young Master Wu,
our families will become one,
united in purpose.
The children actually
have a lot in common.
They're just a little shy
around each other.
In the case, invite De Zhen to
our Dragon Boat Festival banquet.
As elders, it's our duty
to give them a nudge.
All right, I'll send the invitation.
Also, the Marquis of Jining has finished
his three-year mourning period.
It's time to address
his informal engagement with Shou Gu.
Include him in the invitation
and see where it leads.
I'll speak to Shi Ying about it.
Understood.
It'd be great if Young Lady Ming
marries Young Master Wu,
but wasn't Dou Zhao's childhood
engagement already called off?
Why is Fifth Master
suddenly so invested in it again?
He's not on leave for rest.
My father already sent word.
Shi Shu misspoke in court
and offended Grand Secretary Wu.
He was forced to take leave.
He's now pinning his hopes on
the marriages of his two nieces,
one to secure a powerful alliance
and the other to appease an influential
but declining noble family.
But isn't the connection
with your family enough?
My father is too principled
and has never favored family over reason.
Now that he's aiming to
join the Grand Secretariat.
Father won't involve himself in this mess.
But if Dou Zhao really
becomes Marchioness of Jining,
wouldn't that put her above you?
Wei Ting Yu is notorious
for his extravagant and frivolous ways.
Though their family has held the title
for generations and appears respectable,
they've burned through
their wealth in recent years,
especially with lavish funerals.
His sister, Wei Ting Zhen,
married the Duke of Jing as a second wife.
That entire family is opportunistic.
There's potential to work together
if the terms are right.
Madam, be careful!
These butterflies are drawn
to those cursed albizia flowers.
If their wing scales land on your skin,
it'll cause unbearable itching.
I'll have the servants catch them
all right away.
They're so beautiful.
It'd be a shame to get rid of them all.
Have a drink, My Lord.
The painting looks great.
-What a beautiful painting.
-Thank you.
You're such a great painter, My Lord.
Duchess of Jing,
what a pleasant surprise!
We weren't prepared to greet you.
Where is His Lordship?
His Lordship…
My Lady, My Lady…
Excuse me.
My Lady, please slow down.
Please watch your step.
Please allow me
to inform His Lordship first.
My Lady, please show mercy!
If you barge in, His Lordship will
surely punish me severely!
Then let me save him
the trouble and kill you now!
My Lady…
-Interesting.
-So beautiful.
Pei Jin.
Ting Zhen?
Young Lady Dou Zhao?
Why are we talking about her again?
I've heard from reliable sources
that she's made
DUCHESS OF JING, WEI TING ZHEN
at least this much in Futing.
Whatever the amount,
it's just worldly possessions.
Didn't Master Shi Ying send us a letter,
saying that matters of marriage
should follow fate?
Isn't that essentially saying
to forget about it?
Not at all.
The Dou family just sent an invitation
to join their Dragon Boat Festival outing.
These past few years,
with disasters everywhere,
our harvest income has been halved,
yet our household expenses
haven't decreased.
Without some external support,
do you know how much it costs
to keep this estate running?
-I…
-Listen to me.
Once Father's mourning period is over,
finalize the engagement quickly.
Ting Zhen, the Dou family
is full of strife,
and she grew up in the countryside.
Some young gentlemen who
attended a Dou family banquet said
she doesn't observe propriety
between men and women,
speaks rudely,
and even contradicts her elders.
She's completely uncouth!
I was just about to tell you
that Dou Zhao is famously beautiful,
a true flower among women.
I thought she might catch your eye.
But since you despise her so much,
I suppose I should just drop this matter.
Three, two…
Ting Zhen.
I am a marquis, after all.
I should be more magnanimous.
Since we've accepted the invitation,
not attending would be discourteous.
I'll follow whatever you decide.
What a shame.
One wrong stroke,
and this Plum Blossom painting is ruined.
It's not ruined.
-It was such a beautiful painting!
-Don't worry.
Come, take a look.
Who would have thought
That late in the winter snow
A single plum blossom would
Emerge beyond the wall?
Brilliant, truly brilliant!
Indeed!
It's not like tiger amulets
are hard to find.
Wang Ying Xue just had to force
you and Dou Ming to make one.
She's just trying
to torture your poor fingers.
Yes, that's why I'm making my stitching
crooked and messy.
The goal is to let Dou Ming
outshine me, after all.
So that you can hide your talent?
Not entirely.
The real headache is Wang Ying Xue
making you organize the banquet.
Old Madam and Master Shi Ying only
just started to mend their relationship.
With all these people
gathering for the festival,
I'm worried it'll cause
more misunderstandings.
I think Wang Ying Xue is just
using the festival as an excuse
to play matchmaker between
you girls and the young men.
Young Lady,
we've received a letter
from Zhaowen Bookstore.
Wu Shan has been appointed
into the Court of Imperial Sacrifices.
It's one thing for Wu Shan to come.
But after six years,
does Wei Ting Yu not get the hint?
And now he's coming too? Shameless.
Exactly.
The doctor said she doesn't
have much time left.
Once she's gone, I'll marry you.
Song Mo has grown
arrogant with his merits.
He seduced the Marchioness of Jining,
Dou Zhao, and ran off with her.
They shall be executed
to set things right.
This matter needs
to be settled sooner or later.
If he dares to come,
I'll make sure to give him
a proper welcome.
Please.
Such beautiful scenery,
and the renovations are impressive.
As expected of Madam Cui,
this estate exudes
such elegance and refinement.
My mother-in-law doesn't
enjoy the noise of the city,
-so she's been resting here.
-Here.
Over the years, we've been
fortunate to have Zhao take care of her
and manage the estate.
Right now, Zhao is probably tending
to her grandmother's afternoon rest,
so she couldn't greet you personally.
Please forgive her.
Zhao is gentle, virtuous,
and skilled in managing the household.
Everyone who meets her
has nothing but praise.
Even her sisters
are graceful, poised,
and exceptionally intelligent.
-Uncle.
-Ru? What are you…
Let me catch a few more chickens
to add to tonight's dinner.
Let's go!
I…
Sorry you had to see that.
Zhang Ru takes after her father.
She's livelier than most.
-Come this way, please.
-After you, Young Master Wu.
Aside from Zhang Ru being a little lively,
the other girls are
very demure and composed.
Yes! You lost again!
Put one on your face.
A bet's a bet now. Hurry up!
Whose servant girl is that?
Such uncivilized behavior.
Kick her out now.
-Master Shi Shu!
-Let's play for another round.
It's me, An Su!
An Su?
Zhao taught us this game.
It's so fun!
Why don't you all join us?
Young Lady An Su is skilled
with the abacus,
so it's natural she enjoys such games.
Let's head to the back garden instead.
Follow me.
-Another round. Your turn.
-Come on!
This courtyard
is my mother-in-law's favorite spot.
Look at these flowers and plants,
they're all meticulously cared for.
This place stays green all year round,
full of birdsong and floral scents.
It's lovely.
There's more to see over there.
Let's take a look.
All right.
Ming.
Zhao is a quiet and refined girl.
She usually spends
her time reading and writing.
She's a well-mannered
and graceful young lady.
Come on.
Shou Gu?
That was so rude.
I was trying to welcome our guests
with an archery game,
but it seems my skills are lacking.
I didn't mean to frighten
our esteemed visitors.
It's just as well that the masters
are in the study
discussing official matters.
With those two scholars away,
the children can enjoy
themselves more freely.
I've heard that the Dou family
has two women
renowned for their business acumen,
your esteemed self and Young Lady Zhao.
Madam Wang,
you've helped many officials
accumulate wealth, haven't you?
With a wife like you, Master Shi Ying's
official career is sure to thrive.
You're too kind.
I merely earn a modest profit
to help support the household.
Zhao, on the other hand,
is the real talent.
She already has a substantial fortune
and is incredibly skilled in investments.
She's practically a tycoon.
It's just a pity she doesn't trust me.
If she entrusted some of it to me,
I'd guarantee a 30% profit
in just six months.
Madam, if you can make
this marriage happen,
I'm prepared to invest 40%…
No, 50% of her dowry for you to manage.
You're too generous, My Lady.
If fate blesses us with this union,
why speak of favors at all?
We'd be family.
There's no need for such formalities.
Please enjoy, My Lady.
All right.
What's so entertaining
about archery anyway?
That's precisely why I chose it,
knowing your archery skills are terrible
and that you're vain.
The fun lies in making you think
our interests are completely different,
pushing you to break off the engagement
in a fit of embarrassment.
What are those?
It's a small token from my sister,
kites that soar through the sky,
symbolizing good fortune and success.
To see a thousand miles further,
ascend another story higher.
How thoughtful of Lady Wei.
That's meant for
Master Shi Shu and Master Shi Ying.
Look, Madam.
From this call, greatness begins;
together, gaze at the clouds above.
Such beautiful words!
The meaning is equally wonderful.
I had Pei Jin personally write it,
hoping that after his marriage,
his career will flourish,
and he and Young Lady Zhao
will live in harmony and happiness,
reaching great heights together.
How did you end up shooting
the arrow into the sky?
Young Lady Zhao, are you shooting
at the willows or aiming for the kite?
My archery skills aren't great,
and with today's strong wind,
the arrow accidentally veered off course.
As if I'd ever reach new heights with you.
I'm going to shoot it down.
My Lady, Zhao doesn't
usually practice archery.
I've no idea what's gotten into her today.
Ming,
it's fine for the gentlemen
to indulge in it,
but what are you doing joining in?
Riding and archery are
never meant for young ladies.
My Lady, why don't we head inside
for some fruit and a little rest?
All right.
You…
It's true the wind is quite strong today.
Young Lady Zhao, I hope
I didn't put you in any trouble.
It's just a kite.
Surely His Lordship wouldn't mind that.
Right, My Lord?
Zhao,
could you teach me how to shoot an arrow?
I've heard the Marquis of Jining is
a renowned marksman in the capital.
I…
My Lord.
I wouldn't call myself a marksman,
but a little shooting game like this
is no challenge.
Young Lady Ming, you see,
to shoot accurately and steadily,
the arrowhead needs to be
exactly three times its length,
and the shaft must be
perfectly symmetrical
on all four sides.
Only then can it achieve
what the Zhou rites describe as
"undaunted even by a fierce wind."
You're so knowledgeable.
Knowledgeable indeed.
But if you don't release your arrow soon,
the flowers inside that gourd
will start to wilt.
Now watch closely, Young Lady Ming.
Steady your arm, calm your mind,
and aim for the fullest part of the gourd.
Then, release it…
I… I guess the wind
really is strong today.
So strong.
How about trying another shot, My Lord?
The wind was definitely a factor earlier.
Let me take another shot.
Aim for the gourd's fullest part,
and release.
These arrow fletchings
must not be eagle feathers.
There's no way I'd miss otherwise.
Steady your arm, calm your mind,
and aim for the fullest part of the gourd.
-You got it!
-You really have remarkable insights.
Following your advice,
I figured out how to do it
and hit the target on my first try.
You picked it up rather quickly.
No one learns that fast.
You knew how to shoot, didn't you?
This girl may be attractive,
but she's crude and mean.
Why does she have
to be so infatuated with me?
No, this won't do.
But how do I break off the engagement?
How do I even
bring this up with Ting Zhen?
Such a headache…
Madam Wang's remarks
are too narrow-minded.
In the past, there was Fu Hao,
who expanded territory,
and Mulan, who took her
father's place in the army.
Even in recent times, there's Madam Wa,
who quelled rebellions
and governed a province.
There's no such thing in
the world that men can learn
but women cannot.
She says plenty of nonsense.
I never take any of it to heart.
Mother will blame me
for being useless again.
I've often heard the ladies in the capital
praise your skill in music, chess,
calligraphy, painting, and needlework.
Seeing you today,
you are indeed gentle and poised.
Women are traditionally
valued for their gentleness.
There's no need to belittle yourself.
To Mother,
anything my sister excels at that I cannot
makes me useless.
That's too narrow a perspective.
It's like comparing this branch
of mulberry wood to this arrow.
Which is useful?
Which is useless?
An arrow can be used
in battle to kill enemies.
What use is a tree branch?
A branch, if still on the tree,
can provide shelter from the rain.
Its bark can be made into
paper for people to write on.
The difference lies only in purpose,
not value.
People are the same.
A leaf.
Wearing tiger amulets during the festival
wards off evil and brings good fortune.
The girls personally
embroidered these tiger amulets
for you gentlemen,
hoping to bring you both good luck.
The embroidery
and inlaid designs on this one
are exceptionally fine!
This was stitched by Ming.
Her needlework is more delicate.
-And this was made by Zhao.
-Zhao…
This tiger amulet is…
Well, it's also a tiger amulet.
It's, uh, nice.
Please kindly accept them, gentlemen.
Thank you, Madam.
Thank you.
Young Lady Zhao's embroidery is so clumsy,
yet she clearly put in great effort
to make this tiger amulet for me.
She loves me so much.
Such a pity our personalities don't align,
I'm bound to disappoint her.
Young Lady Ming, on the other hand…
Young Lady Zhao has
such a unique perspective
and genuine sincerity.
She's such a special girl.
Gentlemen, the tea garden behind
our estate has beautiful scenery.
Since it's your first visit here,
I've arranged for a servant to
give you a tour there.
Thank you, Madam.
Since we both dislike the heat
and prefer peace,
let's head to the pavilion instead.
Once Zhao and Ming have
finished preparing the banquet,
we can go straight there
for food and wine.
-Shall we?
-Yes.
After you.
Everything is arranged.
But that creature doesn't
understand human speech.
How can we be sure it
will only attack the Marquis?
What if it goes after
Young Master Wu instead?
It won't make a mistake.
It will definitely go for Wei Ting Yu.
I've cleared the area of people.
You must get Dou Zhao there on time.
An hour later,
I'll bring Lady Wei over.
Yes, Madam.
The scenery really is beautiful.
It's all right, I suppose
Young Master Wei.
Thank you.
Exquisite craftsmanship.
Young Lady Ming has both skill and grace.
Every bead on this amulet shows
the care and effort she put into it.
Young Lady Zhao put
her heart into hers as well.
Her effort just carries…
A more unique touch.
A crane sings in the nine marshes,
and fish dwell deep in the abyss.
But if reversed,
the crane is no longer a crane,
and the fish ceases to be a fish.
If we were to exchange them,
wouldn't that make everything perfect?
But these are gifts
made by the young ladies,
presented by the elders.
To exchange them privately
would be quite improper.
Young Master Wu, I must disagree.
Exchanging small festival gifts
is harmless fun.
Besides, how could something
forced by elders bring true joy?
Don't be mundane now.
Young Master Wei,
this doesn't seem appropriate.
Young Master Wei…
Five dry dishes and five wet,
decent enough.
The cold dishes shouldn't
be served in bowls,
they need to be plated.
Yes, Young Lady.
Shred the duck meat before
serving the duck and barley soup.
-Yes, Young Lady.
-Prepare more snowflake pastries.
If there are any guests
who don't eat chilled foods,
swap them out for room-temperature
mung bean pudding.
Entertaining nobles
requires such precision and attention.
And you've thought of everything.
But what about
the fruit serving dishes I picked?
Did I choose the right ones?
I'm so sorry, Young Lady Zhao!
How clumsy! Thank goodness it wasn't hot.
Come, Young Lady, let me help you
change in the side room.
It's fine.
I'll see to the banquet
arrangements first.
There are so many guests today,
and your clothing is so thin.
If anyone sees you like this,
it could harm your reputation.
You have to get changed right away.
Zhao…
Carry on with the preparation.
I'll go check on her.
Your clothes are too thin,
you'll catch a cold!
It'll be quick, just up ahead.
Come, hurry.
MAGISTRATE OF THE OFFICE
OF STATE AFFAIRS, DAI JIAN
This is just a modest gift
for the festival.
Please accept it, My Lord.
This is far from modest.
You shouldn't have, Yuan Ji.
Well, I shall accept it gratefully then.
-Carry this to His Lordship's carriage.
-Yes, Master.
-After you.
-Thank you.
We're almost there.
What's the rush, Nanny Zhou?
The banquet is about to start.
There's no time to waste!
I'll go with Zhao. I can shield her.
No need, no need!
What I mean is, I alone can
help her get changed.
Why are you attacking me for no reason?
We can take good care of Young Lady Zhao.
What tricks are you trying to pull?
-Nothing. I just want to help her…
-Yet you won't let Dou Ming follow.
Now I'd really like to see
what's waiting for me in the room.
HIDING TALENTS, WAITING TIME
-Young Master Wu?
-How come it's Young Master Wu?
While my master was strolling
in the back hills,
a group of butterflies
suddenly swarmed him.
He fainted shortly after.
Butterflies?
Quickly, call for a doctor
and inform the elders.
It's just a reaction
to the butterfly scales,
causing some rashes and irritation.
There's no need to disturb
the masters over this.
The Miluo mourns unfulfilled regrets,
yet bids the young to rest
in the southern hills.
Qu Yuan perished in the Miluo River
during the Dragon Boat Festival.
The poem hints at an untimely death.
You're still trying to cover this up?
Your plan was for a lone man
and an unmarried woman
to be caught together while changing
clothes, forcing me into marriage.
But you didn't expect that Wei Ting Yu
and Wu Shan would swap the amulets.
For most people, these butterfly scales
only cause redness and itching,
but Young Master Wu has a lung condition.
This could kill him!
Young Master Wu came
to our estate as a guest.
If anything happens to him,
how could we answer to the Wu family?
Do as Zhao says immediately!
Yes, Young Lady!
His breathing is getting worse.
The room is too stuffy
with all these drapes.
Su Xin,
get some men to carry him
to the courtyard,
gently.
And bring me my acupuncture kit.
Yes, Young Lady!
Our master is hosting guests.
No outsiders allowed.
I am Song Mo, son of the Duke of Ying.
I've come bearing gifts
for the Dragon Boat Festival!
These days, Grand Secretary Wu's
words hold absolute sway at court.
Who would dare oppose him?
My words carry little weight.
I'm powerless to aid His Majesty
in resolving his worries.
The southeastern coast has
been ravaged by typhoons for miles.
While others steer clear of disaster,
the Dou family dares to walk
straight into the eye of the storm,
seeking to ride the winds.
Quite bold of them.
Master, I tried to stop His Lordship.
My family has no dealings
with the Duke of Ying's family.
My Lord, to what do
we owe this uninvited visit?
I heard you've been sending rice dumplings
to every official in the capital.
I was curious about the stuffing
and asked Grand Secretary Wu
for a few to try.
Turns out, it's gold.
It seems Grand Secretary Wu holds
a rather deep prejudice against me.
These were but ordinary festival gifts.
If he feels they are excessive,
he could have declined politely,
there was no need to trouble you
to deliver them back.
My Lord, you'd better put the sword down.
As the Magistrate of
the Office of State Affairs,
I see this as a blatant threat
against a court official.
I wouldn't dare.
You…
I've merely come to remind you
that if you keep fabricating crimes
against the Duke of Ding,
I'd have no choice
but to present these dumplings
to His Majesty.
By then, I doubt
even the Office of State Affairs
could protect you.
You…
Master, Young Master Wu
has fallen unconscious.
Young Lady Zhao has ordered
him to be carried to the courtyard.
-Silence! Watch your tongue!
-Well, well.
You even dared to harm
the Grand Secretary's grandson.
Outrageous! Absolutely outrageous!
This is your estate!
I could not just let him walk away
after he disrespected you like that!
Guards!
Please don't, My Lord. My Lord!
SPRING TREES AND EVENING CLOUDS
My Lady, I understand you're worried
this marriage hasn't been settled yet.
But in my opinion,
once the spark of love ignites,
nothing can stop it.
-That's true.
-Ting Zhen!
What are you doing here?
Ting Zhen, Young Master Wu just…
Song Mo?
Su Xin, Su Lan.
Young Lady Zhao, what are you doing?
What are you doing to De Zhen?
He's experiencing asphyxia
compounded by a lung abscess.
His breathing is weakening.
This means the infection
in his lungs has ruptured.
It's practically a battle
with death at this point.
I need to needle his Dazhui
and Xuanji points to save him.
Dou Zhao! How dare you!
You're taking off Young Master Wu's
clothes in broad daylight.
What do you think you're doing? Get up!
Mother, Young Master Wu suddenly fell ill.
Zhao is trying to treat him
with acupuncture.
This should be done by a proper doctor!
There are boundaries
between men and women.
You've disgraced yourself with
such an indecent act.
If word of this gets out,
what will people say about us?
Someone, help Young Master Wu up!
That's right.
Mother, saving his life is more important!
Shut up!
Since it's asthma, he must be
taken to a doctor immediately.
Take him to a doctor now!
I've sent for a doctor,
but the nearest clinic is ten miles away.
By the time the doctor arrives,
Young Master Wu will be gone.
My Lord, you grew up on the battlefield,
so you know some injuries can't be moved
and some emergencies can't wait.
Please look me in the eyes.
Since you can read people,
you know I'm not lying.
I can save him.
Let go.
Support De Zhen.
Lu Zheng, bring all the screens
from the rooms
-and set them up around them.
-Yes, My Lord.
Everyone, turn around!
If anyone dares to peek,
they'll pay for it with their eyes.
Young Lady Zhao,
please administer the needles.
My Lord,
how dare you draw a blade
against a court official.
Are you defying the imperial authority?
I will kill whoever
stands in my way today.
You've repeatedly interfered
with efforts to save him.
What's your motive?
And what makes you believe that
this young woman can save him?
I believe my judgment.
-You…
-My Lord!
You're causing such chaos on my estate.
Do you really want to me to report
this matter directly to His Majesty?
You know exactly
why De Zhen fell ill, don't you?
If this does reach His Majesty,
let's see if your reputation and
the honor of your family's women
survive the fallout.
Mother.
Mother!
Dou Zhao,
are you trying to get
the entire family killed?
My Lord, what a scheme
you've set in motion.
If anything happens to Young Master Wu,
His Majesty will surely think
that our family
is vying for power,
harming him out of political discord!
Worry not, Yuan Ji.
As the Magistrate of
the Office of State Affairs,
I will attest to today's events.
Song Mo stormed onto private property,
brandished a weapon at court officials,
and interfered with saving a life!
Even if this reaches His Majesty,
the facts remain as they are!
The embroidery is quite unique.
You're lucky that
Song Mo grew up in the military
and doesn't understand the underhanded
schemes of the inner household.
Otherwise, today could have
spelled disaster for the entire family!
Watch your tongue!
She risked her reputation to save you.
It was genuine.
Are you suggesting Young Lady Zhao
has feelings for me too?
MEDICAL ACTS AND DRUGS IN THIS DRAMA
ARE FICTIONAL. DO NOT IMITATE.